Add the plan cmd to the test-cases tools to bulk update the target version (#1057)
integr8ly/integreatly-operator: test-cases/README.md

./tools.sh export csv | column -t -s, | less -S
```

## Bulk update the target version on the test cases

> Attention: all changes are applied locally and need to be manually pushed to the integreatly-operator repo

> To automatically add the target version to all test cases which target version is older then 3 releases use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To automatically add the target version to all test cases with a target version older than 3 releases, use the following command:
```
